fix(generic-worker): use --remove-home instead of --remove-all-files … (#7144)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-7128.md

audience: users
level: patch
reference: issue 7128
---

> Use `--remove-home` instead of `--remove-all-files` when deleting a user on Linux. This ensures that caches that may still be owned (in whole or in part) by the task user are not deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-home` instead of `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-all-files` when deleting a user on Linux. This ensures that caches that may still be owned (in whole or in part) by the task user are not deleted.
```

> Use `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-home` instead of `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-all-files` when deleting a user on Linux. This ensures that caches that may still be owned (in whole or in part) by the task user are not deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic Worker multiuser engine on Linux now uses `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-home` instead of `/usr/sbin/deluser --remove-all-files` when deleting previous task users. This ensures that caches that may still be owned (in whole or in part) by the task user are not deleted.
```

Sorry I missed this in the first review. I think it wasn't clear this is a Generic Worker fix otherwise, and that it related to task users being deleted on workers.
